details:Image 1
The story is from the perspective of a 17-year-old high school senior boy named Landon Carter. The hero Landon, was looking for a girl who can be his partner for prom night. Finally he found a girl named Jamie, though he was pretty upset about it, as the girl believed in religion extensively and took bible everywhere she went. But at the end of the night, he acknowledged that it was the best date he had ever had.Jamie takes their friendship ahead by asking Landon to perform in their school's production with her. Here also he was not ready to go and not very enthusiastic about it but he joined to spend some time with her. He finds that she helps out at the orphanage and finds himself wanting to help out too. After the victory of their school production, he understands that he is in love with her. Will he admit his love to her? If he does, will she be agreed with him? 



details:Image 2
A hometown hero with a heart of gold, Jack Stratton was raised in a whorehouse by his prostitute mother. Jack seemed destined to become another statistic, but now his life has taken a turn for the better. Determined to escape his past, he's headed for a career in law enforcement. When his foster mother asks him to look into the girl’s disappearance, Jack quickly gets drawn into a baffling mystery. As Jack digs deeper, everyone becomes a suspect—including himself. Caught between the criminals and the cops, can Jack discover the truth in time to save the girl? Or will he become the next victim?




details:Image 3
Indian Economy is a comprehensive text, with detailed coverage of all topics in the UPSC Preliminary and Main syllabus. Written by a subject expert who has several books on economics, contemporary essays etc. to his credit, the book is of immense importance to academics, researchers, aspirants of civil services examinations and those with an abiding passion for the subject. The book is recommended by UPSC in its reading list. The book is a stellar product, with many years of bestselling performance.



details:Image 4
This assorted collection of Tinkle digests consists of ten of the best volumes published between 1980 and 2008. Tinkle is a 96-page monthly comic published by Amar Chitra Katha for children aged between 9 and 12 years. These digests have a collection of selected stories, comics, quizzes, riddles and puzzles among many other fun and engaging activities.



details:Image 5
The Mughal Empire has always held a fascination for English writers who have written novels based on the history of India. The rich display of pomp, splendour and luxury, the internal conflicts and fratricide, the intrigues and plottings among family members have all made for great stories. These elements have existed in all kingdoms and empires, but with the Mughals, they were very obvious and open.In Shadow Princess (Paperback), Indu Sundaresan paints a similar picture of the Mughals, but what sets her apart from other writers is that she mainly concentrates on the powerful females of the dynasty. Although they were not as visible as the men, they still wielded power from behind the scenes and influenced the destinies of the empire.




details:Image 6

Mariam is only fifteen when she is sent to Kabul to marry Rasheed. Nearly two decades later, a friendship grows between Mariam and a local teenager, Laila, as strong as the ties between mother and daughter. When the Taliban take over, life becomes a desperate struggle against starvation, brutality and fear. Yet love can move a person to act in unexpected ways, and lead them to overcome the most daunting obstacles with a startling heroism.



details:Image 7
This book, Turning Points: A Journey Through Challenges, takes up the story from when A.P.J Abdul Kalam became the President of India. It covers his acceptance of the post of the President of India, his term in office, his efforts to make his term meaningful, and the challenges he faced.His term from 2002 to 2007 was an eventful one. The President of India is just a titular head with minimal powers. But, the office is one of great influence and Kalam used it to best effect. He got the government and the public to focus on issues that were relevant to the country's all round growth.He initiated programs like PURA to try and integrate rural areas into the general economic and technological growth of the country. He dreamt of taking the whole of India on his vision for the country in the new millennium, and he saw no reason why the villages should be left out in this vision.




details:Image 8
Chris, an intelligent young man who graduated with high grades, came from a wealthy and loving family. He was intelligent and graduated with double grades. However, this did not stop him from leaving everything behind and trekking into the wilderness where he could find a way to be close to nature. He was in search of something more deep and elusive in life. He had a yearning to explore and live a simple life. It was in the year of 1992 that he decided to give away his savings and start life anew and experience life in its simplest form. His family searched for him, but he had erased all tracks. Four months later they found his body in an abandoned bus. It was found by a moose hunter in a remote corner of the Denali National Park and Preserve, Alaska. Jon Krakauer, the author of this book, wrote an article about Chris in the year 1993 for the Outside magazine. The reactions to the young man’s story were different. Some said that he was foolish and got what he deserved while others were in awe of his courage to go out and find meaning to his life.




details:Image 9
Napoleon Hill, America's most beloved motivational author, devoted 25 years to finding out how the wealthy became that way. After interviewing over 500 of the most affluent men and women of his time, he uncovered the secret to great wealth based on the notion that if we can learn to think like the rich, we can start to behave like them. By understanding and applying the thirteen simple steps that constitute Hill's formula, you can achieve your goals, change your life and join the ranks of the rich and successful. In this updated edition, Dr. Arthur R. Pell provides examples of men and women who, in recent times, exemplify the principles that Hill promulgated. With the success stories of top achievers such as Bill Gates and Steven Spielberg, he proves that Hill's philosophies are as valid today as they were then. If you're looking to become the next Bill Gates, this is the book for you.



details:Image 10


In the book Rich Dad Poor Dad: What The Rich Teach Their Kids About Money That the Poor and Middle Class Do Not! Robert Kiyosaki advocates financial independence through owning businesses, investing, and real estate. He also talks about increasing one's financial intelligence.What makes somebody rich? Is it hard work that matters the most? Or does one need to make the right financial decisions at the right time to be rich? This book answers these questions with the help of six easy to apprehend learn lessons. Written in the style of a set of parables, it is based on the real life of the author. Robert Kiyosaki takes the reader to his own childhood that he spent in Hawaii.He promotes the philosophy of wealth creation and emphasizes on purchasing income generating assets. To prove his point, he offers real life examples and relates his own story in which he had two people who influenced him the most. One was his real father – an educator who worked hard to make money, and the other was his father’s best friend – a real estate tycoon who is the Rich Dad of the book and is extremely successful.  His biological father, the Poor Dad of the story, bought consumer goods for his family’s satisfaction and had to remain financially dependent for his entire life. The Rich dad, on the other hand, used his money to create more money-making assets. And this is the attitude that the author highlights throughout the book and says is the basic difference between the poor and the rich.He values the ownership of high value assets more than being just an ordinary employee. He provides a new look at an old financial mindset. This book claims to teach people how to become rich without requiring a high income and take control of one’s financial future.